Added documentation for the load test script (#185)
nephio-project/docs: content/en/docs/porch/contributors-guide/dev-process.md

         -o repo-result-file       - the file where the results by reop will be stored, defaults to scalability_repo_results.csv
         -l log-file               - the file where the test log will be stored, defaults to scalability.log
         -y                        - dirty mode, do not clean up after tests
```

The load test creates, copies, proposes and approves `repo-count` repos, each with `package-count` packages with `package-revision-count` package recvisions created for each package. The script initializes or copies each package revision in turn. It adds a pipleline with two "apply-replacements" kpt functions to the Kptfile of each package revision. It updates the package revision, and then proposes and approves the package revision.

The load test script creates repos on the git server at `hostname`, so it's URL will be `http://nephio:secret@hostname:3000/nephio/`. The script expects a git server to be running at that URL.

The `result-file` is a text file containing the time it takes for a package to move from being inititalized or copied to being approved. It also records the time it takes to propse-delete and delete wach package revision.

> The `repo-result-file` is a csv file that tabulizes the results from `result-file` into colums for each repo created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `repo-result-file` is a csv file that tabulates the results from `result-file` into columns for each Repository created.
```
